I18n: Add server config to detect browser language (#69396)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

### default_language

> If a supported IETF language tag like `en-US` is available, this option will set the default UI language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option will set the default UI language if a supported IETF language tag like `en-US` is available.
```

> If this setting is not a supported language tag, such as `detector`, the default UI language will be determined by a browser detector (see [default detector options](https://github.com/i18next/i18next-browser-languageDetector#detector-options)).

Reviewer: I am fine with @joshhunt 's wording suggestion. Thanks!

After you both are settled on the code, I'm happy to review it again for docs. Just let me know.

> If this setting is not a supported language tag, such as `detector`, the default UI language will be determined by a browser detector (see [default detector options](https://github.com/i18next/i18next-browser-languageDetector#detector-options)).

Author: @chri2547 I updated code and doc following @joshhunt's suggestions.

> If this setting is not a supported language tag, such as `detector`, the default UI language will be determined by a browser detector (see [default detector options](https://github.com/i18next/i18next-browser-languageDetector#detector-options)).

Reviewer 2: Thanks @pbaumard! Might not me able to merge this today, but definitely early next week 🙌🏻

### default_language

> This setting configures the default UI language in case it is a supported IETF language tag, such as `en-US`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a supported IETF language tag like `en-US` is available, this option will set the default UI language.
```
